As the unwoken world wordlessly wanders outside my brother's apartment in College Station, Texas in the year 2023, I 
wonder about myself deeply. Perhaps, too deeply, Not to say that wondering deeply is bad, but that perhaps self-reflection can
often be too focused - on oneself. 

I reflect on the day I called my eldest brother, screaming. He told me, "Peter, you're screaming at me," and I froze. After a brief
pause, I said "I can't talk right now." I hung up. I wonder, "what day was that, exactly?" - only to discover after scrolling
through my Samsung A57's call history that it was a mere 8 days before I met my today partner in love (and crime?), Maisen Claiborne. 
That means only 8 days before the 5 months and 18 days of knowing Maisen, who's company I have cherished and skills admired with 
rare importance and a singular romance - it was only 8 days before that, I considered killing myself. 

I wrote a note. I, wrote it with a child-sized buckets worth of salty tears falling down my sore face cheeks onto my pants.
The saltiness, cannot be understated, because, try as I might, that note was full of spite, and regret.

I want to be clear it wasn't because of Maisen I didn't kill myself. I decided not to kill myself, at least for that time being, because,
for different reasons, I realized I did not want to die. I wanted to die for reasons, I don't think I can sum up in this small paragraph
for reasons relating to how trying to decipher such a tumultous tide of decision-making would disrupt the flow of my semi-stream-of-consciousness
writing process, but also, because, I think such an introspection requires its own writing chapter, in the same way that some ideas
deserve their own movie, solely focused on them. I decided not to kill myself a day or two after my pivotal communication with my
eldest brother, Tim. I deleted the note. And life went on. I installed "Hinge" again, not thinking a "someone" would repair my 
foregone trauma or find closure I wanted from anybody, but I knew I wanted someone "special" in my life. So it wasn't because of 
Maisen that I decided life was worth living, but she is a big reason why I enjoy my life, today. 

Am I afraid of love? I wouldn't say I wanted to kill myself because I was afraid of love? That sounds ridiculous, and anybody trying
to make sense of it like Romeo killing himself is making a ridiculous statement. I mean, you just met this woman, bro. I mean, sure, 
she might be hot as all get out, but you're Romeo. You're hot, yourself, and maybe you can learn something from this, like don't go 
after a woman when it means people gotta die for you to be together. No, I dare say, *you*, Romeo - YOU - have got to get it together.

No, there was no dramatic death that plunged me down an 11-foot swimming pool's worth of dark thoughts. 11 foot swimming pools are
scary, I mean as a kid they were terrifying. Like, I always thought there were sharks or something down there. Even in like the 6 or
7 foot ones, I thought there were sharks. And I had never seen Jaws?! I might not have ever even heard of Jaws? There was that time
I almost died falling into my Uncle's pool in his backyard when I was barely old enough to waddle my legs up and down stairs
at the age of two. That maybe definitely had an impact on *having a fear* of depths, but not the *personification of the fear* of 
depths as a shark, or some terrible monster. Thinking back, my near-death small child experience was most likely my 41 year old
mother's impetus to put me and my younger brother into swimming lessons as soon as she could slide a squeeky scrungy arm floaty
down my chubby forearms. And I continued to go to swimming lessons every summer, every year or two, moving up from one swimming class
level to the next. I remember the first level of swimmers, almost uniformly characterized by small, barely posable-thumbed floating wearing
tots, were called "TADPOLES". These small bean bag sized humans, whether they knew it or not, had one goal - get used to the water. The 
water is not your enemy. It is not necessarily your friend. It is only, water. Use it to propel your insignificant body to and fro. 
Learn the rhythm of the waves, and they shall be your vehicle - to other waves - and also dry land. There is probably a metaphor in
there, but I'm not gonig to care about that right now. To be in the "Tadpole Class" made you, a "Tadpole". Much like how there are 
distinct associations with the words "Freshman" or "Senior" in High School, so too there are associations with words like "Tadpole", 
"Goldfish", or "Dolphin". These are class level names for swimming lesson classes. "Tadpoles" must learn to not run out of the
water, accept its embrace. I don't remember those days. I remember more about later levels. I remember the eternally older
and infinitely cool yet hotly attractive swimming instructors - instructors who made me uncomfortable about things I didn't 
know but also curious about things I wanted to know like: "Why does her hair look so shiny nice when wet after demonstrating" 
a dolphin stroke?" and "What exactly are those round things?". I have come know some answers to *both* these questions, and I
trace the roots to similar curiosities back to these formative years of my life. 

But I don't remember the names of those class levels. None of the mid ones. Maybe one was called "Flounder" except that's 
kind of awful, right? Because the word "flounder" could also be used as "to flounder" which is just one suburban house
neighbor's stone's throw away through glass windows with heavy curtains behind, to the phrase, "to drown". Not a best name
for a swimming class. I don't have a degree, but, in all honesty, if I had to give "Flounder" a grade, I'd give it a big fat
'0'. That's not even 50%. It gets 10% for 'Finding Nemo', but that's it. Those are pity points. Terrible name for a swim
class. Who would do that??

Anyways, I don't remember any of the class names - except for one. The final class for the top dogs - most of which
were in the forever-away age known as Middle School. The top class' name, was "Sharks". And the "Sharks" swam in the BIG 
pool.

My local park swimming pool where the swimming classes were held technically featured Two pools. The first pool was much longer
than the second. The first pool's shallow end reached a depth of 3 feet. At the other side of the first pool was the "deep end".
The first pool's deep end reached a depth of "7 feet". This, to me, as a small elementary school boy, was a depth that furnished
more than enough nebulous water to imagine, with small elemntary school child levels of ferocity, a shark. Now, let us be 
clear. I was small. But I was ain't no wussy. I swam in that deep end, and I swam hard. But I swam somehow, perhaps, afraid,
of sharks behind my eyes. This all happened in the first pool, which, in reality, was probably bigger than the second pool
in terms of volume, but, in my mind, it was, so, much, smaller. 

The second pool of my local park's swimming pool was of Biblical proportions. At 11 feet deep, its fathoms could swallow a
Goliath height-sized phillistine size of a creature - standing on their tippy toes. If the seven foot *deep end* of the first pool
gave the space between my eyes enough to picture a shark looming ever-present behind my backstrokes, a 3 second gaze down the second
pool's concrete blue pit expanded the space between my eyes to a summer sun sized mile of willy wonka death sharks. I was, suffice it
to say, trepidacious. However, as we already established,                 

 I wasn't no wussy. 

I was going to plunge into the pool of willy wonka death sharks, and I was going to do it, again, again, and again - with a variety
of dives and strokes.

(it did help that the hot lifeguards were always there to fish us out. Like, I think that really really helped a lot. Knowing somebody
was there if I messed up or something. Like, I one side of my brain was saying I was going to die and the other was like, well, if
you're going to die, you're probably not, because there's a life gaurd. I think that really helped before going off the diving board.)

What's cool about being in the "Shark" class was that, like how someone in the "Senior" class is called "A Senior", I, could, be called,
"A Shark". Which, I don't know if I'm projecting, but that seems pretty cool, ya know, given I was so afraid of, and STILL AM, very
afraid of sharks and things that move in the ocean or really anything I can't get a clear picture of in any deep water. That shit
terrifies me. Like, god. I just. Man. It's scary stuff ------------------------------------------ yet, 

I am intrigued. 

When I was in 8th grade, my class got to go on a field trip to Joshua Tree National Park. While at Joshua Tree National Park, we were
guided through a cave. It was in this cave that one of my other deep fears was confirmed. The path we took down this cave was not 
easy, like, looking back, I am a bit bewildered how they got this thing approved. In the underground, where there is no sun, and the 
sky is between 6 inches and 60 feet above you made of rocks and chasms you can't always see, it hits different. I remember one moment
in particular where we had to go straight up through a hole slightly larger than my eighth grade self from shoulder to shoulder. At the
point where the hole closed around my elbows, I felt something like the sharks in the deep end of the swimming pool. Except, it was
rocks. Like they could pinch me right now, and I would be trapped. Nothing could get me out. . . 

Mercifully, the rocks did not pinch me there. In fact, I was probably in and out of the hole in about 10 seconds. Maybe less.
But still, I remember *that* hole. Of all the moments I recall, I don't remember coming out of the cave where the sky was 
sixty-thousand feet above my head. 

I remember when my world was less than an inch more than my left shoulder to my right shoulder, made of irregularly shaped walls
crashing in around me, silently, with the movement speed of rock formations, and the sound of my heart beating between my ears, to the
walls, and back again. 

I am scared of clautrophobic spaces ------------------------------------------------------------ yet,

I am intrigued. 
 